---
title: Clearly not out of my way enough
date: 2025-06-12 17:48:58
draft: false
tags:
  - blogging
  - metaphor-refantazio
  - blue-prince
lastmod: 2025-06-16T19:20:44.082Z
---
Clearly a blogging system that got mostly out of my way so I could focus on blogging wasn't quite good enough. It doesn't quite help that I broke my setup with Windows for a bit -- the newest version of [Quartz][1] requires a newer version of Node.js than we were using for work, so I ended up switching back to using [Zoner][3], which has been a trip. That also means actual new posts aren't getting posted for a bit because I'm not just reinventing the wheel, I'm finding entirely new ways to reinvent the reinventing machine.

I know for a while I was posting about games I'd completed because that sorta spurred me to actually complete games; since I wrote my last post (in *April*, sheesh) I finished both *Metaphor: ReFantazio* and *Blue Prince*, and I have thoughts about both. Expect individual posts eventually; I need to pull some screenshots for each, and for *Blue Prince* I need to figure out how much I can talk about it without spoiling things -- an interesting problem for a nonlinear game where "progress" is relative per person! I may just give up and declare that one Full Of Spoilers.

In a week or so I'll be heading to a meetup with [my *World of Warcraft* guild][2]. I've been playing with them for going on fourteen years now and this is the first time I'll have gotten to meet more than a few guildies in person. I'm pretty excited (not least of all because I just kinda need another short vacation, haha).

[1]: https://quartz.jzhao.xyz/

[2]: https://tsutainguufaitaa.com/

[3]: https://zone-builder.neocities.org
